

Mysterious musical comedy horror web app meant to inspire curiosity, creativity, amusement, misunderstanding, control issues, anxiety, fear, disdain, and perhaps nostalgic holiday delight. You have to push the buttons.

### EPILEPSY/SEIZURE RISK WARNING: Unpredictable flashing colors may present risk to those vulnerable. If in doubt, get the heck out.

Live version hosted at https://bnoden.github.io/season/ and https://codepen.io/bnoden/pen/MEaoJO. Versions may differ due to environmental variables or incongruous updates. In moments of doubt, the canonical, single source of truth regarding the state of this project is generated by this repository and hosted on https://bnoden.github.io/season/.

To run locally, either clone or download and extract the archive, then open index.html.

For use with PCs on Chrome or Firefox. Don't even waste your time trying to run this on iPhone, Android, BlackBerry, Razr, Internet Explorer or the Edge browser.  











###### Lines from the original spoken-word version

>" Brother, you're standing on it. Yeah, it's Earth. You know, the planet?"

>"It doesn't get any better than this...?"

>" Do you know the default value, or the initial state of, well, *anything*?"

>"Then I entered rehab for 3 months. It was during that time that I finally became in touch with my *real* self... I'm just gonna say it—I'm a god! More precisely, as I came to understand it, I was the immortal god of... just, unbelievable, ridiculous, absolutely unnecessary, pointless, unreasonable stupidity, with a sub-specialty in prideful ignorance."

>" What about Heaven, you ask? Real? Psh! My brother, Heaven is the *realest*! Just like my *reality* show. In the sense that, a story is a story, right?

>"The goggles did nothing."

>" 'Now' is as real as it gets, even when it's somehow unreal. 'Now', at its worst, beats 'then' at its best one-thousand times out of a thousand. Exceptions: none. "

>"And as far as the rest of the universe is concerned, you were nothing for a loooong time. No, even nothing is something. If a word could adequately describe your state of existence it would have no letters, pronunciation, definition, forms, origin, derivation to or from, no value whatsoever, etymological or otherwise, including placeholder values."

>"I know, it sounds, eh, not-so-great. On the other hand, I'm still a god, you know? And I have more followers than I could ever know personally, which is... not terrible, I think? Well, whatever. The way I saw it, I was winning, because people, millions of them it turns out, heh. [Gives coy expression and voice lowers to a near whisper] All these people were making sacrifices to me. And I wasn't givin' *nothin'* in return, heh, heh. *Nothin'*! We're talkin' a one way, know what I mean? A non-reciprocal situation, times like ten million, twenty million—bah! What difference does it make, beyond, say, two million? So I'm feelin' like a big man, right? Yeah, well that is until I start talking to some of other deities, at the―well we have meetings and conventions and whatnot.

>"What's the matter? You always said... you wanted to be on... TV..."
